The dataset that we are using is from Kaggle.com, “Human Resource Analytics”. The main goal of this project is to answer the questions that will help a company and get some meaning through the simulated dataset that we have. Our main question that we need an answer to is “Based on various factors from the data, can we predict if an Employee will leave a company or not?”. Other than we have can also add and answer to a few more questions in the future. After we get a decision on which employees are at risk of leaving the company, this can help the company review further questions in the future like:  
•	Why are our best and most experienced employees leaving prematurely?
•	What are the reasons for employee turnover and the future estimate cost-to-hire for budget purposes? 
These are a few questions that could be answered through more data if provided by the company and through the results of our Model. The objective of this project is to discover trends and predict the reasons due to which an employee is likely to leave a company. We have 10 attributes to build the model with and if required reduce the model capacity for a simplistic approach and solution but not compromising on the model performance. 
The decision-making results from the best Model can be used to answer more questions as mentioned above and could be used to build stronger models in the future which can give more accurate answers. One could ask why do we need a model to predict whether an employee would leave a company or not? Why can’t we just predict it by looking at the data? The significance of a model in this case is that we get a systematic decision. We obviously cannot get a correct answer by just looking at the data manually. It would be more of just a guess with lesser accuracy. Human decisions are subjective and might come along with a lot of biases whereas Model decisions are objective which give us decisions with greater accuracy and better results.
